Roger Bassin MD Reviews. Meet Roger Bassin MD, one of America's Best Cosmetic Surgeons
New Cure for Baldness, the technology is here. The hair Transplant of the future is here today.
You can have your own natural hair back.
where with cosmetic surgeon doctor roger
bass and
from the basses Center for Plastic
Surgery in Orlando Florida
what shot K good morning america. the
facts: 35 health alert this morning how
about this no scalpel
no sutures no incisions yets new relief
for people who are losing some other
hair like me when I look like this
sometimes dock and I think I got a
problem here maybe we can talk after the
show
joining me now to talk about the Neo
grab his doctor a job as a plastic
surgeon to see once again
howard also around or at your reputation
good to see you down there for you
but let's start with the Ron White why
did you decide I don't need to get
something done here
it was it for me I lost my hearing a
very strange way from a car accident
and I didn't wanna b ball anymore so I
started doing research in research and
research in
the technology today I think if I can
have a full head of hair
and song and take me one day to do it it
was a no brainer fines
you got a full head of hair okay I do
have some before pictures so let's take
a look at those are very quickly
oh yeah he's okay was just going to man
completely different ways the right when
you look back
at that picture right there what do you
think a guy that
felt good on the inside and look bad on
the outside that make you feel
older yeah I mean I exercise and stay
fit all the time but
when you don't look as good as you feel
the something that is this missing there
was one piece to the puzzle that was
missing
when I will go to a dinner something I
would never sit under
a bright my parents sent back a little
bit always wore a baseball cap
the confidence was not there my
confidence is back tenfold now
at school it looks great and I'm sorry
I'm sure you hear this a lot
not just men women also facing this
what's new about this new graph
procedure
well me bottom line is that there's no
cutting and no scar
I didn't realize how you used to do
these you show me this couple that you
took part said a people's the scalp more
less an entrance by here we would do
we'll be taking a
very sharp instruments such as a scalpel
over here and what we would do is we
would actually if you want to come in
tight over here take a look at the
scalpel
but we would actually do is we woulda
would take a chunk outta your
at your head we would actually cut a
chunk at your head then we would have
had a bottom-up
and then put them back in but the
problem is you're left with a pretty
large scar
and a lot of our patients don't want to
have a scar and also for women
could corrode baldness and women's
becomes has become not becoming it is
really a major problem
but these patients are kinda hiding
because they don't want this car to not
talk to these pictures are coming out
because we can do without scars don't
use now it's completely different
different we were kissing technology to
look at the same to
okay this is just what the temp are our
device would look alike because I could
bring the big device in today but this
is like a tiny it's one millimeter
around that such as smaller than a
typical ballpoint pen
and what we do this is connected to a
carb a computerized device
and what we'll do is we'll just punch
little tiny hair follicles out okay
and bike so you take from like the back
up here and yet you're using that to to
punch up in this area and we're taking
it from the door area which is always in
the back where we don't get
typical pattern baldness where the areas
are prefect back here
punching out individual follicles
randomly only fitting in about 14
percent
okay taking a little hair follicles
transplanting at them back in
This is Neo Graft. Fast Simple and Great results in the hands of an expert.
Doctor Roger Bassin and his expert staff
will get you back in the game. Why wait
to look great?
Call Tampa Hair MD today. The Doctors that care
about your hair. Tampa Hair MD.